# Famous-Sculptors-and-artists-you-can-adorn-your-house-with---The-BNK-Group
Ancient sculptures have always been an integral part of our interior decors. From temples to palaces and caves, Indian sculptors have conjured excellent avant-garde creations by simply taking a cue from the modern world. Artists have been seen creating designs which seem to blend perfectly with the modern apartment interior designs. They have utilised a wide variety of materials to create diverse forms and experiment with concepts such as geometric abstraction. Here are a few popular sculptors you can adorn your sace with and add a hint of luxury and style to your modern style house interior:  Ramkinker Baij Pioneer of modern Indian sculpture who is said to be the key figure of contextual modernism, Baij has always credited his guts to the success of his creations. He was a painter, graphic artist and sculptor whose perfect blend of classic Indian style with the western art form made his works the perfect way to accentuate apartment interior designs. He was skilled in working with varied mediums such as metals and regional stones which made all his creations a sight to behold.   Ad Davierwala: A self-taught Indian sculpture artist, his keen interest in education and technology combined with a strong western influence played a major role in all his works. His sculptural installations are geometric assemblages, which are perfect for a luxury interior house. He drew inspiration from artists such as Epsein and Henry Moore. He started off with wood but gradually went onto experiment with stones, marbles and steel to create sculpture. His edgy and futuristic creations have made his creations to be the perfect instalment in modern apartment interior designers.  Meera Mukherjee: A talented sculpture artist and writer, Meera is popular for modernising the ancient Bengali sculpting art. Her exposure to the Dhokra sculptors in Chhattisgarh, led her to experiment with three-dimensional creations, which she blended with the traditional art form. She improved upon the technique by utilising lost-wax casting and using innovative bronze casting. Her quotidian figurines and sculptures display subtlety and ferocity, which make it the right addition to any luxury interior house.  Installation of beautiful creations by these talented artists adds a hint of personal taste in the interior space. It is the perfect way to reflect your personality and choices. Adding these can help transform any modern style house interior into a more luxurious and unique space. Transform your house today, with Behzad Kharas and the BNK group! To know more: https://thebnkgroup.com/
